All the girls of LOOΠΔ are on board!
Sleep…
Eat…
It’s Hong Kong. LOOΠΔ has to lay over here!!
HaSeul : We’re LOOΠΔ, going global~
HaSeul : Right?
HeeJin : Yes
HeeJin : And then, we’re going to the space~
But now, they have to take a flight to the New Zeland, not space
At that time, some foreign man approached to HaSeul.
He seems interested in her!
They are shy about the whole situation…
HeeJin : What’s that...?
HyunJin : His eyes are…
HeeJin : (Too much fuss) Look at his eyes, it’s so sweet~
HaSeul : Suddenly
HaSeul : He asked me why I go to New Zealand…
HeeJin : Foreigner’s know who’s the best!!
HaSeul : (Shy) NO~~~
HaSeul : You make me blush…
HeeJin : Why did he ask you the reason you go to New Zealand
HeeJin : We all know it already!
HaSeul : No~ I’m going to sleep~
HaSeul : Go to sleep, now!
Anyway, let’s go to New Zealand!